= Fetty Generators

If you are a fan of railscast.com by Ryan Bates, you could found so many useful plugins / gems that ryan covers to us how to use it, 
and if you familiar with nifty_scaffold by ryanb, or always working with it alongside Devise + CanCan for authetication and authorization,
you may try to use this generators to build your basic Rails application quickly up-and-running. 
This generators are inherited from nifty-generators, but change a little-bit in the result of scaffolding.

fetty (as i choose the name as a brother of nifty) have a little extra features like :
- using simple_form as a default generated form.
- add some extra AJAX features to search and sorting using meta_search, and pagination in your index page.
- using Devise for authentication and CanCan(ryanb) for authorizations [optional].
- giving the default checking abilities like ( can? :read ) in your views for authorizations.
- closable flash message.
- alow you pass custom field:type such as paperclip / tinymce in scaffolding.

it also provides for ERB and HAML template. Ups sorry this generators only works for Rails 3

== Setup

=== Rails 3

require gems to be install first.

  gem install meta_search simple_form will_paginate jquery-rails devise cancan paperclip tinymce

And add the gem to your Gemfile.

  gem "fetty-generators", :group => :development

generate the setup first before you can generate layout / scaffolding

  rails generate fetty:setup

Then you can run layout generator to generate your application layout.

  rails generate fetty:layout

And then you just simply type the command "fetty:scaffold" for scaffolding

  rails g fetty:scaffold Post title:string content:text

after that simply run the migration "rake db:migrate" and start your server "rails s"

== Additional field type

You could also passing custom field type in your arguments, 'for example you want to use paperclip for handle your attachment 
and you also want to use tinymce for editor in your textarea'

  rails g fetty:scaffold Post title:string content:tinymce photo:paperclip

this will generate the required column names for paperclip into your migration file and also configured the model, controller and views.

== Included Generators

* fetty:layout: generates generic layout, stylesheet, and helper files.
* fetty:scaffold: generates a controller and optional model/migration.
* fetty:setup: configure your gems needed by fetty-generators.

To view the README for each generator, run it with the +help+ option.

  rails g fetty:layout --help


== Found a bug?

This is stil under development mode, if you are regularly work with ERB template, this generators will works fine,
But if you are having some problem with Fetty Generators, please submit an issue here.

http://github.com/fajrif/fetty-generators/issues
